Update fmt.mdx (#31553)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/cli/commands/fmt.mdx

* `-list=false` - Don't list the files containing formatting inconsistencies.
* `-write=false` - Don't overwrite the input files. (This is implied by `-check` or when the input is STDIN.)
* `-diff` - Display diffs of formatting changes

> * `-check` - Check if the input is formatted. Displays the filenames that need formatting correction. Exit status will be 0 if
>   all input is properly formatted and non-zero otherwise.

Reviewer: Perhaps something like this, to make it clear that there is no output in the success case.

```suggestion
* `-check` - Check if the input is formatted. Exit status will be 0 if all input is properly formatted. If not, exit status will be non-zero and the command will output a list of filenames whose files are not properly formatted.
```
